Drivers: Add log verbosity info (#976)
PX4/Devguide: en/middleware/drivers.md

#define DRV_RNG_DEVTYPE_MB12XX   0x31
#define DRV_RNG_DEVTYPE_LL40LS   0x32
```

## Debugging

For general debugging topics see: [Debugging/Logging](../debug/README.md).

### Verbose Logging

Drivers (and other modules) output minimally verbose logs strings by default (e.g. for `PX4_DEBUG`, `PX4_WARN`, `PX4_ERR`, etc.).

Log verbosity is defined at build time using the `RELEASE_BUILD` (default), `DEBUG_BUILD` (verbose) or `TRACE_BUILD` (extremely verbose) macros.

> Change the logging level using `COMPILE_FLAGS` in the driver `px4_add_module` function (**CMakeLists.txt**).

Reviewer: fyi another (more local) variation is to add `#define DEBUG_BUILD` at the very top of a .cpp file (before includes).

Author: @bkueng David pointed out I should not add content without testing it, which I do not plan on doing. Lorenz suggested that I should provide more "support" and less "do" as a better use of my time. 

Upshot, please feel encouraged to add this sort of note yourself and then get me to comment. Definitely more efficient that me doing this: https://github.com/PX4/Devguide/pull/983

> The code fragment below show the required change for the module template example ([src/templates/module/CMakeLists.txt](https://github.com/PX4/Firmware/blob/master/src/templates/module/CMakeLists.txt)) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code fragment below shows the required change to enable DEBUG_BUILD level debugging, only for a single module or driver. 
```
